So here's my idea, Charles.
You know how in Star Trek
they have a transporter room?
>> Yes, I do know that.
>> So let's see if we can
do a transporter slide.
>> I like that.
It's like the Electric Slide.
>> Yeah, all right, so
I'm going to dematerialize,
rematerialize someplace else.
And you'll rematerialize here, so
you can drive the rest of the lecture.
>> Makes perfect sense to me.
I don't see anything ridiculous
about that at all, it's good.
>> [SOUND] Did it work?
>> It worked.
>> That's awesome.
>> All right thanks Michael,
I think it is awesome.
>> No, no that's really cool,
and you know what else?
>> What?
>> I got your almonds.
>> [LAUGH]
Curse you Kahn!